Update/solidification/weak solidification (#79)
iotaledger/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications: 4.4 Solidification.md

## 4.4.2 Definitions
* **valid**: A message is considered valid if it passes the following filters from the solidifier and from the message booker:

>     * Solidifier: checks if parents are valid,
>     * Booker: checks if the contained transaction is valid. Note that only messages containing a transaction are required to perform this check, which are defined in [Section 5.1 - UTXO](./5.1%20UTXO.md#validation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Solidifier: checks if parents are valid,
    * Booker: checks if the contained transaction is valid. Note that only messages containing a transaction are required to perform this check, which are defined in [Section 5.1 - UTXO](./5.1%20UTXO.md#validation)
A message validity status is initialized as *valid*, and it's set as *invalid* whenever the message does not pass any of the filters above.    
```

* **parents age check**: A check that ensures the timestamps of parents and child are valid, following the details defined in [Section 4.2 - Timestamps](./4.2%20Timestamps.md).

> * **solid**: A message is solid if it passes the solidification check and all its parents are stored in the storage, and are solid and valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **solid**: A message is solid if it passes the parent age check and all its parents are stored in the storage, solid and their validity status is set as valid.
```
